(1) List all the tools you might use as a web developer?

As a web developer, there are many different tools you might use to create and maintain websites and web applications. Some common tools include:

Code editors or IDEs (Integrated Development Environment) such as Visual Studio Code, Sublime Text, and Atom.
Version control systems such as Git, Mercurial, and Subversion to manage and track changes to code.
Browsers such as Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, and Microsoft Edge for testing and debugging web pages.
Debugging tools such as Chrome DevTools and Firefox Developer Tools to troubleshoot and optimize web pages.
Text comparison tools like Beyond Compare, Meld, and Winmerge for comparing different versions of code or file.
Project management tools such as Trello, Asana, and Jira to organize and track progress on development tasks.
CSS preprocessors such as Sass and Less to simplify and streamline the styling of web pages.
JavaScript frameworks and libraries such as React, Angular, Vue.js, and jQuery for building dynamic and interactive web pages.
Package managers such as npm and yarn to manage dependencies and automate tasks.
Task runners such as Grunt and Gulp to automate repetitive tasks such as concatenation, minification, and linting.
CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap, Foundation, and Bulma for building responsive and consistent web pages.
Web development APIs such as Google Maps, Facebook, and Twitter to add functionality to web pages.
Web optimization tools such as Google PageSpeed Insights, GTmetrix, and Lighthouse to improve website performance and speed.
Database management tools such as MySQL Workbench, MongoDB Compass and Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio to manage databases.
Performance testing and monitoring tools such as Apache JMeter, Webpagetest and New Relic to measure and improve website performance.
This is not an exhaustive list and many other tools are available for web development, depending on the specific needs of the project.

(2) What are the some of the features of pw skills online lab?

As a features of pw skills online lab there are multiple features.
like a first this a virtual online lab .
this pw skills lab is not requirment high configure laptop or computer.
I can use this lab low configure laptop or computer.
and here already install multiple language tool or extension.
